[Music]
[Applause]
yo what's going on guys and in today's
video we are going to be taking a look
at all of the diamond and royalty
shotguns in advanced warfare and also
giving you guys a few tips on how you
can get these diamonds and royalty
camels a bit faster so let's go ahead
and jump right into it alright guys so
first we are going to be taking a look
at the diamond shotguns and the first
one is he tac-19 and I really don't like
how this one looks the diamond camo
looks very dull it just does not look
that good at all but yeah there we go
the tac-19 diamond camo alright guys so
moving on to the next diamond shotgun we
have the s12
now this one looks a lot better in
diamond I really like how this one looks
the diamonds just are placed very nice
and they have more of a shine to them
and there we go the diamond - s12
alright guys so now we're going to be
taking a look at the next shotgun in
this one is the bulldog now this one is
by far the best-looking shotgun in
diamond I absolutely love how this one
looks Mahan this one looks freaking
awesome I love how it has diamonds
everywhere that is what just really
makes a gun stand out and makes it look
a lot better
alright guys so now we're going to be
taking a look at the royalty shotguns
and the first one is he tac-19
and as you guys can see it doesn't
really look that good and royalty or
daimond I don't know why it just doesn't
look that good to me and there we go
alright guys so the next shotgun in
royalty is the s12 now this one looks
really good in the royalty camo
especially when you reload you get a
nice look at that royalty camo and it
has the royalty camo on the magazine so
I really do like that and this one
overall wasn't too hard to get Diamond
and you know there we go
alright guys so now we are going to be
moving on to the royalty Bulldog now
this one looks absolutely amazing in the
diamond and
DCAM oh i just freaking love how it
looks it has so much of the royalty camo
on it just makes it look amazing and
overall I would have to say that this
one will see easiest shotgun to get the
diamond camo and there we go giving a
good look at that royalty
Bulldog right there alright guys so now
I want to give you a few tips on how you
can get these shotguns Dimond and
royalty a bit faster now my first tip is
about the dogfight medals now the
dogfight medals were by far the hardest
thing to do to get these shotguns
diamond and royalty now my first step to
get these dogfight medals is flank the
enemy and when they jump up you jump up
and kill them and you'll get the
dogfight metal now another thing is play
hardcore domination its overall easier
and just just do it guys try out
hardcore domination it works a lot and
it's just very very helpful now my next
tip is to play the multiplayer map
terrace and solar these both these two
maps a lot of the enemies are always
jumping around and it really does help
and I found that I could easily get a
few dogfight medals per game when I was
on hardcore domination and playing solar
or terrace and flanking the enemy and
waiting for them to jump and when they
jump I jump and I kill them and that is
pretty much how I got the dogfight medal
already guys so I guess that is pretty
much it for this video I hope you
enjoyed any if he did make sure to leave
a like rating and I will catch you guys
in my next video peace out
[Music]